# WK 2 Reflection

###  Regularity

The world itself is actually a combination of pattern repetition, grids and rhythmic procedure. Like the pattern on bird fur and sea snail, nature has provided us with huge amount of repetition and pattern references. Ancient civilizations have adopted these ideas into creating their own cultural symbols, such as embroiders, paintings, sculptures and also decorations. Whereas I have never imagined that embroiders and fabrications are so close to programming. As a Chinese, I have seen traditional looms and how people use them many times. The first picture that came to my mind when other people mentioned loom and embroiders would be one person sitting in front of a huge machine taking care of millions of colorful threads, and they somehow step onto a pedal or grab a string and make it cross horizontally and fabrics are created before I realized. But I just realized that looms are very similar to traditional computers where people need to pin holes on paper threads and manipulate all kinds of buttons. Also, I have seen many kinds of looms because China has different fabrication styles that differ from place to place. If we use analogy to compare computer science and traditional fabrication, I suddenly feel that looms are similar to compilers. For compiling different programming languages, it is just like the fabrication process for different styles of clothings from different places with different styles. The other similarity between computers and looms is that computers are good at doing repeating calculation, whereas looms are capable of creating embroiders and patterns with repetitions.  Pattern repetition is ubiquitous in traditional fabrications in all styles and from all ethic groups in China. These repetition enables clothes to expand and grow, and allows them to be assembled together at last, which is also similar to computer algorithms. So I was indeed excited to learn the fact that computer science is so closely related to fabrication, art and design.

Additionally, I believe there are also relationship between computer graphics and art. Gridding in computer graphics is very common, such as rasterization and pixels. The screen space is divided into grids for color display. Also, there are a lot of algorithms that apply grid to discretize the space for approximation calculation, especially material simulation and finite element method (FEM). Here the application of FEM is, not surprisingly, cloth simulation. Therefore, the connection between computer science and art as well as design in the real world is indeed amazing. 

Also, I totally agree the link between fabrication and computer science is only part of the connection between computer science and art and design. This is only a physical reflection of this connection. There is no doubt that connection between dancing, music and film and repetition with computer science often applies is tite. I would be interested to explore more connections and get inspired by these connections and create their applications.
