# WK 4 Reflection: Generativity

## Closed systems: Generative art and Software Abstraction
As the author said “every aspect of the system must be explicitly described, including details that might seem insignificant when considered individually”, this idea is technically contradict with machine learning in my opinion. For Marius Watz, generative systems is to exploit principles of emergence to produce structures that could not be made by human hands. In my opinion, the process of analyzing and abstracting is the most important. And the process is to some extent overlap with what machine learning will do. So I tend to understand why did Marius Watz once stand again machine learning. But I think everything is two sided, and we cannot say machine learning is totally unacceptable in terms of art and design. It is still very useful when it is applied to other aspects of art and design.

## Eyeo 2019 - Helena Sarin

Although I am not an expert of machine learning and GAN, I feel like I like the results created by GAN. It is like combining various elements and create a brand new world for people. I like the masterpieces created by Vermeer are illustrated by a novel way. Those ideas are totally new to me and I kind of like the way they are reinterpreted.

## Che-Wei Wang (CW&T) on The new role of the designer in generative design | TNW Conference 2018

I agree that his work is amazing. I feel excited to hear that he said algorithm will help people with massive amount of data and help people to decide whether this will be successful in the real world. I think this is a very positive application of Machine learning and neural network. And I believe that it will be applied to more areas like architecture or art design in the future. But I have to admit that I am not sure whether massive application of machine learning is promoting art and design or not. Since traditionally people learn from being not successful or failure, the artists will spend years on iterating their work and learn from past experiences. But machine learning shrink the iteration time into almost 0. This is actually helpful for design since people will know immediately what are the best results. On the contrary, I am afraid people will never experience the iteration of art design anymore. What’s worse is that people might not be able to create art or design that is not “the best”. I do not think art should be judged 100% by what is the best. Art and design are the illustration of people’s mind and thinking, and they should not be replaced by machine and algorithm. So that’s why I cannot totally agree with his work.
